Hi everyone.
My name is Grant Little, and welcome to my Practical Enterprise JMS Playbook.
I have been working as a software developer and architect for over 20 years now,
and a huge proportion of my experience has been in the Java space,
and that includes JMS.
Did you know that many of the world's largest organizations use
messaging systems as a core part of their infrastructure to allow them
to create dynamic and loosely-coupled applications.
This course is specifically designed for using JMS within an enterprise,
not only focusing on the JMS APIs themselves,
but also what other tools can aid you.
By the end of this playbook,
you should have a good understanding of some techniques and
frameworks that will allow your JMS implementation to be
successful in an enterprise setting.
Some of the major topics we will cover include examining the various JMS APIs,
and how these can be applied to solve some complex
problems for production systems, what frameworks,
tools,
and techniques we can use to develop performant and
scalable solutions quickly using JMS,
we'll also look at some tools you'll need in place to be able to
run and administer a successful JMS environment.
Before beginning this course, you should have a good understanding of Java,
as well as a basic understanding of messaging in JMS.
You should also have some knowledge of the Spring Framework or Java
Enterprise Edition to get the most out of it.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn JMS with this Practical Enterprise JMS Playbook at Pluralsight.